[Docs] Enhancing Contribution Docs (#2023)
open-mmlab/mmpose: docs/en/notes/contribution_guide.md

git --version
```

Second, check your Git config and ensure that `user.name` and `user.email` are properly configured.

```shell
# view the Git config
git config --global --list
# configure the user name and email
git config --global user.name "Change your user name here"
git config --global user.email "Change your user email here"
```

## Pull Request Workflow

If you’re not familiar with Pull Request, don’t worry! The following guidance will tell you how to create a Pull Request step by step. If you want to dive into the development mode of Pull Request, you can refer to the [official documents](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-pull-requests).

### 1. Fork and Clone

If you are posting a pull request for the first time, you should fork the OpenMMLab repositories by clicking the **Fork** button in the top right corner of the GitHub page, and the forked repositories will appear under your GitHub profile.

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13503330/223318144-a49c6cef-b1fb-45b8-aa2b-0833d0e3fd5c.png)

Then you need to clone the forked repository to your local machine.

```shell
# clone the forked repository

> git clone git@github.com:{username}/mmpose.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/{username}/mmpose.git
```

# Add official repository as upstream remote
cd mmpose

> git remote add upstream git@github.com:open-mmlab/mmpose.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git remote add upstream https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmpose.git
```

Please also update CN docs.

# How to Contribute to MMPOSE

Welcome to join the MMPOSE community, we are committed to building cutting-edge computer vision foundational library. All kinds of contributions are welcomed, including but not limited to:

- **Fix bugs**

>   1. If the modification involves significant changes, you should create an issue first and describe the error information and how to trigger the bug. Other developers will discuss it with you and propose a proper solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. If the modification involves significant changes, it's recommended to create an issue first that describes the error information and how to trigger the bug. Other developers will discuss it with you and propose a proper solution.
```

  2. Fix the bug and add the corresponding unit test, submit the PR.
- **Add new features or components**
  1. If the new feature or module involves a large amount of code changes, we suggest you to submit an issue first, and we will confirm the necessity of the function with you.
  2. Implement the new feature and add unit tests, submit the PR.
- **Improve documentation or translation**
  - If you find errors or incomplete documentation, please submit a PR directly.

```{note}
- If you want to contribute to MMPose 1.0, please create a new branch from dev-1.x and submit a PR to the dev-1.x branch.
- If you are the author of papers in this field and would like to include your work to MMPose, please contact us. We will much appreciate your contribution.

> - If you want to share your MMPose-based projects with us as soon as possible, please create a PR to `Projects` directory, which will simplify the review process and bring in the projects as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you hope to share your MMPose-based projects with the community at once, consider creating a PR to `Projects` directory, which will simplify the review process and bring in the projects as soon as possible. Checkout our ]example project](/projects/example_project)
```

- If you wish to join the MMPose developers, please feel free to contact us and we will invite you to join the MMPose developers group.
```

## Preparation

The commands for processing pull requests are implemented using Git, and this chapter details Git Configuration and associated GitHub.

### 1. Git Configuration

First, you need to install Git and configure your Git username and email.

```shell
# view the Git version
git --version
```

> Second, check your Git Config.
> 
> ```shell
> # view the Git config
> git config --global --list
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second, check your Git config and ensure that `user.name` and `user.email` are properly configured.

```shell
# view the Git config
git config --global --list
# configure the user name and email
git config --global user.name "Change your user name here"
git config --global user.email "Change your user email here"
```
```

If `user.name` and `user.email` are not configured, you need to configure them.

```shell
git config --global user.name "Change your username here"
git config --global user.email "Change your useremail here"
```

> Finally, run the command in git bash or terminal to generate the key file. After the generation is successful, a `.ssh` file will appear in the user directory, and `id_rsa.pub` is the public key file.

Reviewer: I suggest we remove ssh content and recommend contributors use http, which is easier.

pip install -U pre-commit -i https://pypi.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/simple

or:

pip install -U pre-commit -i https://pypi.mirrors.ustc.edu.cn/simple
```

If the installation process is interrupted, you can repeatedly run `pre-commit run ...` to continue the installation.

If the code does not conform to the code style specification, pre-commit will raise a warning and fixes some of the errors automatically.

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57566630/202369176-67642454-0025-4023-a095-263529107aa3.png)

### 3. Create a development branch

After configuring the pre-commit, we should create a branch based on the dev branch to develop the new feature or fix the bug. The proposed branch name is `username/pr_name`.

```Shell
git checkout -b username/refactor_contributing_doc
```

In subsequent development, if the dev branch of the local repository lags behind the dev branch of the official repository, you need to pull the upstream dev branch first and then rebase it to the local development branch.

```Shell
git checkout dev-1.x

git pull upstream dev-1.x

git checkout username/refactor_contributing_doc

> git rebase dev-1.x

Reviewer: By default, the local dev-1.x will track origin/dev-1.x instead of upstream/dev-1.x, so should it be like:

```shell
git checkout username/refactor_contributing_doc
git fetch upstream
git rebase upstream/dev-1.x
```

```

### 5. Push the code to the remote repository

After the local development is done, we need to push the code to the remote repository.

```Shell
git push origin username/refactor_contributing_doc
```

### 6. Create a Pull Request

#### (1) Create a Pull Request on GitHub

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13503330/223321382-e6068e18-1d91-4458-8328-b1c7c907b3b2.png)

#### (2) Fill in the Pull Request template

![](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/57566630/167307569-a794b967-6e28-4eac-a942-00deb657815f.png)

## Guidance

### Unit Test

We should also make sure the committed code will not decrease the coverage of unit test, we could run the following command to check the coverage of unit test:

```Shell
python -m coverage run -m pytest tests/
python -m coverage html
# check file in htmlcov/index.html
```

### Document rendering

If the documents are modified/added, we should check the rendering result. We could install the dependencies and run the following command to render the documents and check the results:

```Shell
pip install -r requirements/docs.txt
cd docs/en/
# or docs/zh_cn
make html
# check file in ./docs/en/_build/html/index.html

> ```

Reviewer: I think the unit test belongs to 'advanced' part. We can add docs about how do write ut script and how to run it locally in the future.

Online documentation is not what community contributors need to concern about (different from the case of MMYOLO).
